This is a simple implementation of the ls command on NetBSD. We have provided support for [−AacdFfhiklnqRrSstuw] flags.

Each of these flags has the following functionality:

−A List all entries except for ‘.’ and ‘..’. Always set for the super-user.

−a Include directory entries whose names begin with a dot ( ‘.’ ).

−c Use time when file status was last changed, instead of the time of last modification of the file for sorting ( −t ) or printing ( −l ).

−d Directories are listed as plain files (not searched recursively) and symbolic links in the argument list are not directed through.

−F Display a slash ( ‘/’ ) immediately after each pathname that is a directory, an asterisk ( ‘∗’) after each that is executable, an at-sign ( ‘@’ ) after each symbolic link, a percent sign ( ‘%’ ) after   each whiteout, an equal sign ( ‘=’ ) after each socket, and a vertical bar ( ‘|’ ) after each that is a FIFO.

−f Output is not sorted.

−h Modifies the −s and −l options, causing the sizes to be reported in bytes displayed in a human-readable format. Overrides −k.

−i For each file, print the file’s file serial number (inode number).

−k Modifies the −s option, causing the sizes to be reported in kilobytes. The rightmost of the −k and −h flags override the previous flag. See also −h.

−l (The lowercase letter “ell”). List in long format.

−n The same as −l, except that the owner and group IDs are displayed numerically rather than converting to an owner or group name.

−q Force printing of non-printable characters in file names as the character ‘?’; this is the default when output is to a terminal.

−R Recursively list subdirectories encountered.

−r Reverse the order of the sort to get reverse lexicographical order or the smallest or oldest entries
first.

−S Sort by size, largest file first.

−s Display the number of file system blocks actually used by each file, in units of 512 bytes or BLOCKSIZE (see ENVIRONMENT) where partial units are rounded up to the next integer value. If the output is to a terminal, a total sum for all the file sizes is output on a line before the listing.

−t Sort by time modified (most recently modified first) before sorting the operands by lexicographical order.

−u Use the time of last access, instead of last modification of the file for sorting ( −t ) or printing ( −l )

−w Force raw printing of non-printable characters. This is the default when output is not to a terminal.

The −w, and −q options override each other; the last one specified determines the format used for non-printable characters.

The −l and −n options override each other, the last one specified determines the format used.

The −c and −u options override each other; the last one specified determines the file time used.

By default, ls lists one entry per line to standard output.

File information is displayed with one or more 〈blank〉 separating the information associated with the −i,−s, and −l options

Difficulties while implementing the solution:
1. Understanding the working of a new library FTS was complicated at first but then reading the manual pages and writing test code provided a better understanding of the way in which the library works.
2. Styling the output to be more readable by providing enough space between the columns was another area where I faced some difficulties. In -d, I did not provide the styling functionality.